Sully: Frank. are you there?
Where are you? I'm getting
worried about you. bud.
Frank. will you
answer me already?
Where are you. old buddy?
(phone chiming)
(groaning)
Connie:
Connie to Search and Rescue.
Go ahead. Connie.
It's Maggie here.
Connie: Station just called.
Cell company got Chelsea's phone
about a kilometre
off the highway
in the woods near 98.
We're close by.
We'll head there now.
- Almost there. On the way.
- Connie: Okay.
I think I'll head
back to the station
and get the ambulance in gear.
just in case
medical assistance is needed.
Just let us know what
you find when you get there.
Copy that.
(engine revving)
♪ Is this as good
as it's gonna get? ♪
♪ I've given all I can give ♪
♪ But the rivers
still get wider. wider ♪
♪ We've been here all along ♪
♪ Through the valleys.
we carry on ♪
♪ The journey takes us
higher. higher ♪
♪ This could be your home.
if we try to build it ♪
♪ This could be your life
that's one in a million ♪
♪ All the hard times.
yeah. they were worth it ♪
♪ Time and time and time again ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Guess Frank got here first.
Yeah.
Frank?
Chelsea?!
Maggie: Chelsea! Frank?
Cal: Chelsea!
Maggie:
Frank? Frank?!
Oh my God. Frank! Frank!
He's been shot!
(Frank muttering indistinctly)
Can you hear me?
Cal: Frank. we're here.
This isn't happening!
Um...
Frank. can you hear me?
- Frank... I'm here.
- Cal for Connie.
Connie. do you read me?
Connie (on radio:)
Go for Connie.
Frank has been shot.
We need help.
Frank. it's me.
I'm here. It's Maggie.
Please. please stay with me.
Connie:
What about Chelsea?
We found her phone. Otherwise.
there's no sign of her.
I think whoever did this
must have her.
Hurry.
Connie: Okay.
We're on our way.
Thready pulse.
Diminished chest sounds.
The wound's sucking air.
The bullet must
have hit his lung.
We need to seal this
before he suffocates.
Okay. Okay.
What can I do?
I need to make
an occlusive dressing.
Do you have your wallet on you?
Uh. yeah.
Give me one of
your plastic cards.
And I need to secure it.
Do you have first aid
kit in the truck?
- Uh. yeah. I think so.
- Go! Go!
It's okay. Frank.
Just hold on.
♪
Okay.
Okay. that's all I have.
Give me some wipes.
Here.
Maggie: Okay.
And then. I need
strips of duct tape.
- Cal: That good?
- Maggie: Yep.
That's it.
One side needs to stay open.
so that the air can get out.
I just hope it'll hold.
Frank! Frank!
Can you breathe?
Is it better now?
Let's roll him over.
- Lambda...
- What?
Lambda?
What's Lambda?
Frank: Kappa...
Lambda. Kappa?
I don't understand.
Those two guys at
Karaoke the other night.
they were wearing
fraternity ball caps.
They invited us back
to their cabin.
They said something
about Route 17.
- Saul: Maggie? Cal?
- Route 17... Saul!
Frank! Frank!
Who did this?!
There were guys at the diner the
other night making trouble.
We think it was them.
How bad is it?
The bullet's grazed his lung.
I've got his breathing
under control.
but he needs
to get to a hospital.
(sirens sounding)
Frankie... Frank.
Come on. stay with us.
Hey. buddy? Hey.
(car doors shutting)
Connie: What's his status?
Bullet punctured his left lung.
That's a sucking chest wound.
I've improvised a seal.
But he's bleeding lots.
I don't now
how long it will hold.
No sign of tension
pneumothorax yet.
- Got it.
- I'll go with him.
No. Sully. someone needs to stay
and tell Edna what happened.
- We're taking him to Regional.
- Rafe: Alright. ready?
Okay.
And up.
Connie: I've got his head.
Hey.
Hey. buddy.
There we go.
Hey. hey.
Hey. How you doing. pal?
- (muttering indistinctly)
- Yeah.
Tell Edna that I love her.
No. no. no.
You're gonna do that yourself.
Okay? All right.
Maggie: Cal.
Where you going?
I don't have time to explain.
I'll see you back
at the outpost.
I got her. Sully.
I got her.
Okay. okay.
Okay. Okay.
Hey.
Stay with me. buddy.
(car door opening)
Where are the Smiths?
They're inside.
Did you find Chelsea?
(sighing)
What is it?
It's Frank.
What about him?
I saw him.
He's gonna be fine. Okay?
He's been shot.
What?!
No. Uh...
I don't understand.
He's in an ambulance.
on the way Timberlake Regional.
- Okay?
- What? Who?
He was at the Baileys.
They think it's the people who
took Chelsea who did this.
Okay? I have to stay here
with the Smiths.
but Connie's sending somebody
to take you right to him.
No. I-- I gotta go.
I gotta go! I gotta go!
All right. sit down.
Let's sit down.
Let's sit down. Okay. come on.
Okay. stay with me.
- There we go.
- Okay.
- There you go.
It's gonna be fine.
He's okay?
He has to be.
Please let him be all right.
Maggie:
There's a grey SUV.
It matches the description.
Looks like it's
from out of town.
Cal for Search and Rescue.
I think we've found the SUV.
Tom (on radio:) Cal. it's Tom.
Where are you?
We're at the cabins on Route 17.
On an SUV. Ontario plates
matching the description.
Tom: I'm on my way.
You two sit tight
and call me if you see any sign
of the perps or Chelsea.
Copy that.
Tom: And whatever you do.
don't engage.
- Understood?
- You got it.
Maggie: That's one of
the guys from the diner.
And that's Chelsea's backpack.
Looks like they're
getting ready to go.
Maggie...
I'm not just gonna
sit here and watch them leave.
Maggie...
Okay. looks like
we're gonna do this.
This isn't right.
We should let her go.
She can tell everyone
what really happened.
It was an accident.
your gun just went off.
I've got a prior.
I'm not going to jail.
I don't want any part of this.
If I go down. you go down!
(knocking)
- You answer that.
- Cliff: What?
Not a single word.
(knocking)
Go get rid of
whoever's outside.
Hey. Sorry to bother you.
My car just broke down
and I was hoping I could
borrow your phone.
Um...
Don't you have a cell?
Battery died.
Oh.
It'll just take a minute.
Um. yeah. I. uh...
Maggie: Hey. uh...
I saw you at karaoke.
didn't I?
What?
The tequila shots. remember?
The gorgeous redhead?
Yeah. right.
You wanna show me that hot tub
you were talking about?
Um. I'll get my jumpers
from the car.
and then I can give you a boost.
What did you do with Chelsea?
- She's inside.
- If you've hurt her...
Darryl: Let him go!
It was an accident.
Shut up. Cliff!
Don't say anything!
Don't take another step!
What are you doing?!
You really going shoot me too?
Put the gun down.
Come on. you're not
gonna hurt anybody else.
Shut up!
I'm not going to jail.
Darryl. just do what he says!
Be quiet! I gotta think.
You're only gonna
make it worse. kid.
You still can make this right.
Darryl. right?
- Yeah.
- Maggie...
No. just look at me. Darryl.
Stop!
My name is Maggie Sullivan.
My mother is Phoebe.
My father Sully Sullivan; he
runs the campground around here.
Not another step!
- No. I know you're scared.
- Freeze!
But you're not a bad guy.
This was just a mistake.
- Right?
- It was an accident.
I didn't mean for
the gun to go off.
(gasping)
What are you doing?!
No. just put the gun down.
It's okay.
(sirens sounding)
Officer:
Hands above your head!
On the ground! Do it now!
- Officer: You're under arrest!
- Don't move! Don't move!
Do not resist!
Give her your hands!
Darryl: It's not my fault!
Officer: I thought I told you
two to stay put.
- Darryl: Please! I'm so sorry!
- Chelsea...
Chelsea?
Chelsea. oh!
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Are you hurt?
No. No.
(sobbing)
I'm sorry.
No.
(sobbing)
Watch your head.
I thought I told you
to stay put.
What were you thinking?
There was no time to think.
Right.
Well. you'll both need
to come to the station.
give me your statements.
If it's okay with you.
Maggie would like to take
Chelsea back
to her family first.
They're waiting
for her at the outpost.
Fine.
Come on. let's get you
back to your family.
Yeah.
- Mom!
- Oh. Chelsea!
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Baby. no.
All that matters
is that you're safe.
Oh...
Oh. I'm sorry.
Come here. Come here.
We've missed you so much.
Mr. Smith:
We were so worried about you.
Mrs. Smith:
I just want you to know.
I would never have stopped
looking for you.
Chelsea: I'll never do it again.
Mrs. Smith: Never.
Mr. Smith: It's okay.
Mrs. Smith:
I love you so much. baby.
Mr. Smith: We love you so much.
Mrs. Smith:
Even your brother missed you.
(chuckling)
Mr. Smith:
We're so glad you're back.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
I can't believe they
wouldn't let me visit.
Frank's gonna
think I didn't care.
No. It's hospital policy.
Family only.
And I'm sure he'll understand.
Frank is family.
Hey. did you get a
statement out of Frank?
He's not pressing charges.
What?
Said it was an accident.
wasn't racially motivated. so...
So. you're just gonna let these
guys get away with shooting him?
Of course not.
They're facing multiple charges.
We're just glad that
Frank and Chelsea are okay.
You should be.
I'm sorry?
I have no idea what
you were thinking.
taking matters into
your own hands like that.
You not only risked
your own life.
you could have
cost Chelsea hers.
If it wasn't for for Maggie. you
wouldn't have found Chelsea.
You should be thanking her.
not insulting her!
Excuse me.
Let's go see Frank.
Jeez...
♪ Heart like these ♪
♪ They float along ♪
♪ Where. oh where
do they belong? ♪
♪ Hearts like these.
they float around ♪
Sully. you good?
- Huh?
- You good?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Maggie: Hey.
Hey.
How's he doing?
Doctor said he was really lucky.
If you hadn't been there...
He's gonna be okay.
When do you think
he's gonna get out of here?
Uh...
They've got him on some
pretty heavy medication.
But other than that.
everything looks good.
You think I'll be able
to take him home soon?
He'll need some time
to recover still.
He's been sleeping a lot.
That's normal.
I'm not used to
seeing him like this.
Oh. he's always
been a tough one.
You'll see. Edna.
He'll be to his
old self real soon.
When was the last time
you ate something?
I can't leave.
What if he wakes up?
You won't be any help
if you're sick.
Let's go to the cafeteria
and get some food.
I don't want him to be alone.
if something were to...
I'll be here.
No need to worry.
Edna: Okay.
Maybe for just a bit.
But if he wakes up. you call me.
Got it. Okay.
(sighing)
Yeah.
Brought your book.
♪ Tired of winds
that change my way ♪
♪ Won't you give
our hearts some weight ♪
You always wanted to be
the centre of attention.
You went a little too far
this time. don't you think?
♪ When the winds have
changed my way ♪
You get all the rest you need.
ol' buddy.
I'm right here.
I need you back
to your old self.
I can't do it without you. pal.
(heart monitor beeping)
There you go.
- Sully: Hey. Roy.
- Oh. Sully.
Lola told me
what happened with Frank.
How's he doing?
Thankfully. he is on the mend.
Oh. good.
- Hiya. Sully.
- Hey.
Maggie.
Lola.
Sully: How you feeling?
Well. the antibiotics they
gave me are pretty strong.
but they seem
to be doing the trick.
Good.
I wanted to tell you how
grateful I am for all your help.
Thank you.
Oh. I'm just glad
to see you feeling better.
I'd be happy to come check in
on you later. if you'd like.
No need. I've got everything
under control. Thanks.
Let's get you home. Granddad.
- See you later?
- Mm.
Bye.
I gotta get back to the shop.
Lord knows what
Jackson's getting into.
♪
- Hey.
How's Frank?
Doctors say he's gonna
make a complete recovery.
Wouldn't be the same
here without him.
Yeah. neither would Sully.
Ain't that the truth.
What can I get you?
Uh. anything to erase
the memory of bad hospital food.
How about an open-face
hot turkey sandwich?
- With fries?
- You got it.
Maggie: Okay.
Hey. that's on the house.
by the way.
Oh. you don't have to do that.
Least I can do
after your recent heroics.
Not everyone seems to
share your sentiment.
What's up?
I ran into Tom at the hospital
and he was pretty
angry at me for interfering.
That's Tom.
straight-and-narrow.
by-the-books kind of guy.
It's why him and Connie
are splitting up.
I didn't know
they were together.
Yeah. They've been
married a long time.
but she decided that
they're no longer a good fit.
He's been miserable ever since.
Oh. well. maybe that's why he
was so testy at the hospital.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. where's Sydney?
She's at the baseball
tournament with Finn.
My boy better hit me a homerun!
Let me get that sandwich.
(knocking)
Thank you.
(dial tone ringing)
Hey. babe.
I was beginning to worry.
I left you messages.
you never called back.
Yeah. things have
gotten really busy here.
You know how it goes. right?
Um. I actually want to
tell you what happened here.
Scott: Yeah. I'm coming.
I'm coming. Give me a sec.
Honey. I gotta go.
I got a pancreaticoduodenectomy
I gotta get done.
Really? A Whipple?
I'll call you later. okay?
I love you. bye.
♪
- Hey. Maggie.
- Hey.
Sully asked me to come help out.
Great. thanks.
And Edna told me to remind you
to use a calculator
when you cash out.
Yeah. I messed up once last week
and she won't let me forget.
Uh. also. I heard that
your parents are separating.
It's gotta be hard.
You doing okay?
Yeah. um. I'm kind of
figuring out how to
split my time between them.
Mm.
I guess it was
different for you.
Yeah. when my parents divorced
I didn't hear much from Sully.
Didn't you visit him?
I tried. Yeah. once.
Um. high school
summer vacation I came back.
but it-- it didn't go well.
so I left.
Oh. um. I-- I have to sign some
guests up for climbing lessons.
Are you good?
Good.
Okay. Thanks.
Cal: Hey.
Hey.
Hey there. stranger.
I haven't seen you
in a few days.
I was beginning to worry
that maybe you'd left.
Yeah. Nah.
After our little adventure.
I just needed
a little time to myself.
Yeah.
How about you? How you doing?
I normally love
an adrenaline rush.
but that was a lot. even for me.
I'm just--
I'm glad you were there.
Thank you.
I gotta say.
I have to hand it to you.
You were. uh...
Pretty incredible.
Doctor Sullivan.
(laughing)
Well. you had some pretty
slick moves there yourself.
Wasn't expecting that.
Yeah. I mean. spent six months
on the wrestling team.
Guess it finally paid off.
Mm.
- (chuckling)
- (squeaking)
Fridge broken?
Uh. yeah. and apparently Sully
won't let Edna buy a new one.
You want me to
take a look at it?
Didn't realize you had a degree
in antique appliance repair.
Well. I guess there's a lot
we don't know about each other.
Mm-hm.
Alright.
♪
Hey. I'm Jackson Canaday.
The climbing instructor.
Heard you were looking
to sign up for lessons.
Hey. Nathan.
It's good to meet you.
For my son.
Caleb. you wanna come out?
Uh. for some reason
my son has developed
a fear of heights recently.
Thought maybe this would be
a good way to get him over that.
Right. Caleb?
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
Uh. I just need you
to sign this waiver.
♪
You sure this is safe?
Oh. yeah. It's standard.
Nothing to worry about.
Heights just make me
really anxious lately.
No one falls on my climbs.
You sound pretty confident.
Yeah. I've been
doing this a long time.
So. you're fully certified.
right?
Oh. yeah. Definitely.
And I've worked with
a lot of nervous climbers.
Well. it looks like
I'm in good hands. then.
Great. Just come up to
the Outpost when you're ready.
- Okay. Bye.
- Yeah.
- Thank for taking him on.
It's going to be good for you.
You're right.
♪
And then. reconnect
the three-in-one inlay starter.
Done.
Making sure to
clean the lead first.
Oops.
(laughing)
Alright. now.
Let's see if it worked.
You wanna plug it in
and pray for the best?
Of course.
Alright. And?
- There!
- (laughing)
That might just be the most
satisfying surgery yet.
Still. you were good.
(door opening)
Hi.
Can I help you?
Man: Uh. hi.
Yeah. I was just curious
what you've got here
for fishing gear.
Uh. well.
what are you hoping to catch?
Rainbow trout. if I'm lucky.
Alright. well. you're going
to want some scented bait
and floater hooks that
stay close to the surface.
Uh. thanks very much.
Probably going to be my son's
last healthy meal for a while.
Wouldn't be surprised
to find out it's nothing
but greasy burgers at
the dorm cafeteria come fall.
I remember those days.
Thanks again.
Good luck.
Probably going to need it.
You're an expert angler. too.
(scoffing)
No. um...
Sully used to take me out
a lot when I was younger.
How long's it been
since you've gone?
Give or take about 15 years.
You know I could really go
for a day out on the water.
How about you?
I have to stay
and help out at the store.
Sully's a little shorthanded
with Edna at the hospital.
Yeah. no. Of course. Um...
Another time then.
See ya.
Bye.
(phone ringing)
Sullivan's Crossing.
No. I'm sorry.
He's not here right now.
Can I take a message?
Okay. I will let him know.
Thank you. Bye.
(sighing)
Hey. You just missed a call.
Oh?
What's wrong with the fridge?
I don't hear that
wheezing sound anymore.
Well. Cal and I operated on it.
Wow. Well. if that's the case.
I've got a busted lawn mower
out back needs some attention.
Uh. Mr. Blake called.
He needs to
pull up your meeting.
Was hoping
you could come in today.
(sighing)
Who's Mr. Blake?
None of your business.
that's who.
♪
I see you've been banking
with us for quite some time.
Over 40 years.
And you've got
a pretty big loan.
with outstanding payments.
We. uh-- We're expecting
our best season ever.
Okay? And. uh. I just need
another extension. so...
I know things
have been tough lately.
especially for small
businesses such as yours.
but the bank can
only do so much.
I'm going to need you to
make good on your payments.
or I'm afraid we'll
be forced to foreclose.
Sullivan's Crossing has been
in my family for generations.
You can't just sit there
and threaten to
take my campground.
I'm afraid you're not leaving us
any other options. Mr. Sullivan.
Have you thought of selling?
I can put you in touch
with a few people who I know--
I am not going to sit here
and listen to this nonsense.
I can give you
'til the end of next month.
but I'm afraid that's
the best I can do.
(door slamming)
(tapping)
(ringing. dialing)
(phone ringing)
(phone vibrating)
Hey. honey. Sorry.
I was just about to call you.
How's the Whipple go?
Uh. good. Really great.
actually. but I'm being. uh--
I'm being pulled into
a ventral hernia right now.
Can I call you later?
Sure.
Why don't we--
Let's do something.
Like. a virtual
dinner date tonight.
You can tell me everything
that's going on with you.
- It'll be fun.
- Sounds good.
Okay.
(door slamming)
(stomping)
♪
Thought you weren't coming.
Well. Sully came back in
a worse mood than when he left.
So. I figured fishing
with you is a safer option.
I wouldn't be
so sure about that.
It's all in the wrist.
It's hard to believe you
haven't done this in 15 years.
(chuckling)
I guess it's in the genes.
I guess so.
Now. you're turn.
Alright. here goes something.
(gasping)
I am so sorry!
I thought you said
you'd fished before.
I never said
I was any good at it.
You have to pull the bail arm
back before you cast.
Ah.
Okay. Um...
So. you have to hold
this down with one finger.
And then. you flip the bail arm
and you release it as you catch.
♪
Okay. Protect yourself.
- Better!
- Woo-hoo-hoo!
You didn't almost take
my eye out with that one.
Calamity.
(chuckling)
♪
(sighing)
Hey. Sully.
Hi. did you get
Roy home alright?
Mm-hm.
Everything okay?
No.
Just. between my school
and my work.
I think Grandad
needs in-home care.
His insurance barely
covers his daily visits
and the doctor said that I have
to install handrails for him.
and I just--
I'm honestly just feeling
really overwhelmed with
everything that's going on.
and I thought...
Sully. No.
- I can't take that.
- Here. take it. Yes. yes. yes.
No. No. no. I don't want that.
I'm doing fine.
I want you to have it.
That's not what
I came here for--
It's okay. It's okay.
- Thank you.
- (laughing)
- It's okay.
- Thank you. Sully.
Alright. you're a good girl.
Go take care of him. okay?
Okay. Thank you.
(door opening. closing)
♪
(sighing)
It's so quiet out here.
It almost makes me forget
how much I miss the city.
(clicking)
Ooh! Ooh!
Uh-oh.
Oh. I think you got a big one.
- Oh!
- (laughing)
Alright. come on.
Pull it in. pull it in.
Oop!
- (laughing)
- Come on.
You get it?
(laughing)
There we go!
(grunting)
There-- Oh. my goodness.
Oh. she's a big one.
I got her.
- Here.
- Alright.
Walk me back. Walk me back.
(laughing)
Phew.
Big one.
Ah.
(wincing)
You okay?
Yeah.
Wait. let me have a look.
It's not too deep. One sec.
♪
Alright.
(wincing)
I think you're going to be okay.
- You sure?
- Uh-huh.
I don't think
you need any stitches.
What's that?
Liquid bandage.
Liquid?
Uh. I should probably
be heading back.
You know.
I have a crazy thought.
Mm-hm?
Why don't I grill
this bad boy up for us?
It'll be a fair trade
for the lesson.
Uh...
Yeah. why not?
I'll just go home
and freshen up quick.
Meet me at my cabin in an hour?
Okay.
Make sure to
keep your wound clean.
You got it.
♪
(knocking)
Hi. You hungry?
I can make you a sandwich.
Actually. I have
dinner plans tonight.
Oh.
Mm-hm.
Huh.
Thanks for watching
the store today.
Yeah. no problem.
Weren't too many
customers anyway.
Is that normal?
Well. it's the beginning
of the season.
It's bound to pick up.
Yeah.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just--
I just have a bit of a headache
and I'm really tired.
He's going to be okay. Sully.
- Hm?
- Frank. He's going to be okay.
It must have been hard for you.
seeing him like that.
I know how close you two are.
You know. it--
It might be a good
idea to talk to somebody
about how you're feeling.
Lay on some couch.
Open up to a stranger.
Couldn't hurt.
Well. like I said. I'm just...
I'm just really tired.
I wanted to thank you
for standing up for me
at the hospital today.
Eh. Tom was out of line.
That meant a lot to me.
♪
(sighing)
You're welcome.
♪ Roll me a dark cloud ♪
(grunting)
Alright.
I'll see you in the morning.
♪ A last cigarette ♪
♪ Are we trying to remember? ♪
♪ Are we trying to forget? ♪
(phone vibrating)
Hello?
Scott:
Hi. Maggie. It's Scott Mehan.
The deposition
has been scheduled for
a couple of weeks from now.
Their lawyer's tough.
We'll need to make sure
you're prepared.
This could get bumpy.
Okay.
Scott:
Bye.
♪ Feels like a rainstorm.
thunder roar ♪
♪
(sizzling)
(sighing)
Hey!
Hey. Mm. smells good.
It'll be ready in
just a few minutes.
Can I get you
something to drink?
Yes. please.
White wine okay?
- Sure.
- You got it.
(sighing)
Here you go.
Thanks.
Nothing but the finest.
(Maggie chuckling)
Okay. There we go.
♪ The moment comes
and goes so fast ♪
♪ (man singing indistinctly) ♪
♪ The things you think
you thought you knew ♪
♪ Were only ever wrong ♪
You look worried.
I am.
Did Sully mention
something about a lawsuit?
He tell you what it was about?
No.
The mother of one of
my patients is blaming me
for the death of her son.
It's pretty common.
Actually. it's one of
the downsides of
being a neurosurgeon.
It's just. um.
it's my first one.
♪ Can't take
the weight no more ♪
First litigation
can be really scary.
You sound like a lawyer.
It's because I am.
(sighing)
♪ I don't know where I'm going ♪
I had no idea.
The clothes throw you off?
A little.
(laughing)
What kind of lawyer?
Defense attorney.
Really?
Yeah.
Alright. so.
what brings you out here
to Sullivan's Crossing then?
Just needed to sort
through a few things.
Thought coming
out here might help
give me a little perspective.
Mm.
It's a good place for that.
Now. come on.
How are you planning on
preparing for this deposition?
Virtually. with my attorney.
I guess. I don't know.
Really something
you should do in person.
You know. face to face.
(sighing)
Okay. look. I can't offer
you any legal advice.
but I can help you prepare for
the type of questions
they'll ask.
If you like.
That'd be great. Thank you.
Mm. Here we go.
Alright.
(sizzling)
(phone ringing)
(dial tone ringing)
(phone ringing. vibrating)
♪
(beeping)
Maggie's Voicemail:
Hi. you've reached my cell.
Please. leave a message.
Andrew: Maggie. what happened
to our date? Call me.
(music playing on radio)
Well. I'm really impressed.
Calico.
That might be the greatest
grilled trout I've ever had.
Well. I'm glad to hear
I'm a better cook
than I am a fisherman.
Yeah.
(sighing)
I love this song.
♪ Stormy nights don't stay ♪
Cal? Cal?
♪ From the moment that we met ♪
(laughing)
Sorry. I'm just. um...
I think I'm just tired.
Mind if we call it a night?
Sure. yeah. Um...
You okay?
Yeah.
Alright. Thanks for dinner.
♪
(crickets chirping)
(papers rustling)
(typing)
♪
(sighing)
(clattering)
(dialing)
(groaning)
Mr. Phillips.
Hey. it's Sully Sullivan again
from Sullivan's Crossing
campground.
Listen. I want to talk
to you about opening up
a line of credit at the bank.
So when you get this message. if
you could call me back.
I'd appreciate it.
You have my number.
Thanks.
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm